Question 1
Which AWS service is primarily used for software version control?
1. AWS CodeCommit
2. AWS CodeStar
3. AWS Cloud9
4. AWS CodeDeploy

Question 2
Which AWS service can you use to install a third-party database?
1. Amazon RDS
2. Amazon DynamoDB
3. Amazon EC2
4. Amazon EMR

Question 3
Identify the services that have a global (rather than regional) scope? (choose 2)
1. Amazon Route 53
2. Amazon S3
3. Amazon CloudFront
4. AWS Lambda
5. Amazon EC2

Question 4
Which service can you use to provision a preconfigured server with little to no AWS experience?
1. Amazon Elastic Beanstalk
2. AWS Lambda
3. Amazon EC2
4. Amazon Lightsail

Question 5
Which AWS service allows you to connect to storage from on-premise servers using standard file
protocols?
1. Amazon S3
2. Amazon EBS
3. Amazon Glacier
4. Amazon EFS

Question 6
Which pricing model should you use for EC2 instances that will be used in a lab environment for
several hours on a weekend and must run uninterrupted?
1. On-Demand
2. Reserved
3. Spot
4. Dedicated Instance

Question 7
What is an availability zone composed of?
1. One or more regions
2. One or more DCs in a location
3. A collection of edge locations
4. A collection of VPCs

Question 8
Which AWS services are used for analytics? (choose 2)
1. Amazon RDS
2. Amazon ElastiCache
3. Amazon Athena
4. Amazon S3
5. Amazon EMR

Question 9
What advantages does deploying Amazon CloudFront provide? (choose 2)
1. A private network link to the AWS cloud
2. Reduced latency
3. Automated deployment of resources
4. Improved performance for end users
5. Provides serverless compute services

Question 10
What considerations are there when choosing which region to use? (choose 2)
1. Data sovereignty
2. Available storage capacity
3. Latency
4. Pricing in local currency
5. Available compute capacity

Question 11
Which service can be used to track the CPU usage of an EC2 instance?
1. Amazon CloudTrail
2. Amazon CloudFront
3. Amazon CloudFormation
4. Amazon CloudWatch

Question 12
Which feature of AWS allows you to deploy a new application for which the requirements may
change over time?
1. Elasticity
2. Fault tolerance
3. Disposable resources
4. High availability

Question 13
Which items can be configured from within the VPC management console? (choose 2)
1. Subnets
2. Regions
3. Load Balancing
4. Auto Scaling
5. Security Groups

Question 14
Which services are integrated with KMS encryption? (choose 2)
1. Amazon RDS
2. Amazon EC2
3. Amazon EBS
4. Amazon SWF
5. AWS CloudFormation

Question 15
Which service allows you to automatically expand and shrink your application in response to
demand?
1. AWS ElastiCache
2. Amazon Elastic Load Balancing
3. AWS Auto Scaling
4. Amazon DynamoDB

Question 16
The AWS global infrastructure is composed of? (choose 2)
1. Regions
2. Clusters
3. Fault Zones
4. Availability Zones
5. IP subnets

Question 17
Which of the statements below is accurate regarding Amazon S3 buckets? (choose 2)
1. Bucket names must be unique regionally
2. Buckets are replicated globally
3. Bucket names must be unique globally
4. Buckets are region-specific
5. Buckets can contain other buckets

Question 18
Which AWS storage technology can be considered a "virtual hard disk in the cloud"?
1. Amazon Elastic File Storage (EFS) filesystem
2. Amazon Elastic Block Storage (EBS) volume
3. Amazon S3 object
4. Amazon Glacier archive

Question 19
Under the AWS shared responsibility model what is the customer responsible for? (choose 2)
1. Physical security of the data center
2. Replacement and disposal of disk drives
3. Configuration of security groups
4. Patch management of infrastructure
5. Encryption of customer data

Question 20
Which service records API activity on your account and delivers log files to an Amazon S3 bucket?
1. Amazon CloudWatch

2. Amazon S3 Event Notifications
3. Amazon CloudTrail
4. Amazon CloudWatch Logs

Question 21
The IAM service can be used to manage which objects? (choose 2)
1. Security groups
2. Access policies
3. Roles
4. Network ACLs
5. Key pairs

Question 22
Which types of pricing policies does AWS offer? (choose 2)
1. Pay-as-you-go
2. Enterprise license agreement (ELA)
3. Non-peak hour discounts
4. Global usage discounts
5. Save when you reserve

Question 23
Which tool enables you to visualize your usage patterns over time and to identify your underlying cost
drivers?
1. AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
2. Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
3. AWS Cost Explorer
4. AWS Budgets

Question 24
What advantages do you get from using the AWS cloud? (choose 2)

1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

Trade capital expense for variable expense
Stop guessing about capacity
Increased capital expenditure
Gain greater control of the infrastructure layer
Comply with all local security compliance programs

Question 25
A company plans to create a hybrid cloud architecture. What technology will allow them to create a
hybrid cloud?
1. VPC Peering
2. Internet Gateway
3. Direct Connect
4. Elastic Network Interface

Question 26
Which service supports the resolution of public domain names to IP addresses or AWS resources?
1. Amazon Route 53
2. Amazon CloudFront
3. Amazon SNS
4. Hosted Zones

Question 27
What can you use to quickly connect your office securely to your Amazon VPC?
1. Route Table
2. Internet Gateway
3. Direct Connect
4. AWS managed VPN

Question 28
What is the scope of a VPC within a region?

1.
2.
3.
4.

Spans all Availability Zones within the region
Spans all Availability Zones globally
At least 2 subnets per region
At least 2 data centers per region

Question 29
Which service can be used for building and integrating loosely-coupled, distributed applications?
1. Amazon EBS
2. Amazon SNS
3. Amazon EFS
4. Amazon RDS

Question 30
Which type of Amazon Elastic Load Balancer operates at layer 7 of the OSI model?
1. Application Load Balancer
2. Network Load Balancer
3. Classic Load Balancer
4. F5 Load Balancer

Question 31
Which services can help to automate a company's IT infrastructure? (choose 2)
1. Amazon CloudWatch Alarms
2. Amazon Route 53
3. AWS Lambda Scheduled Events
4. Virtual Private Cloud
5. Elastic Network Interface

Question 32
Which database service is a NoSQL type of database that is fully managed?
1. Amazon RDS

2. Amazon DynamoDB
3. Amazon RedShift
4. Amazon ElastiCache

Question 33
Which storage service allows you to connect multiple EC2 instances concurrently using file-level
protocols?
1. Amazon S3
2. Amazon EBS
3. Amazon EFS
4. Amazon Glacier

Question 34
For which services does Amazon not charge customers? (choose 2)
1. Amazon VPC
2. Amazon EBS
3. Amazon CloudFormation
4. Amazon S3
5. Amazon SNS

Question 35
What architectural best practice aims to reduce the interdependencies between services?
1. Services, Not Servers
2. Removing Single Points of Failure
3. Automation
4. Loose Coupling

Question 36
What is the most cost-effective support plan that should be selected to provide at least a 1-hour
response time for a production system failure?
1. Basic
2. Developer
3. Business
4. Enterprise

Question 37
Which AWS database service supports complex queries and joins and is suitable for a transactional
database deployment?
1. Amazon RDS
2. Amazon DynamoDB
3. Amazon RedShift
4. Amazon EMR

Question 38
Under the shared responsibility model, what are examples of shared controls? (choose 2)
1. Patch management
2. Storage system patching
3. Physical and environmental
4. Configuration management
5. Service and Communications Protection

Question 39
How can an organization compare the cost of running applications in an on-premise or colocation
environment against the AWS cloud?
1. AWS Budgets
2. AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
3. TCO Calculator
4. AWS Cost Explorer

Question 40
What is the most cost-effective EC2 pricing option to use for a non-critical overnight workload?
1. On-Demand
2. Spot
3. Reserved Instance
4. Dedicated Host

Question 41
Which service allows you to run code as functions without needing to provision or manage servers?
1. Amazon EC2
2. Amazon CodeDeploy
3. AWS Lambda
4. Amazon EKS

Question 42
What benefits does Amazon EC2 provide over using non-cloud servers? (choose 2)
1. Complete control of the hypervisor layer
2. Elastic web-scale computing
3. Inexpensive
4. Fault tolerance
5. High-availability with an SLA of 99.99%

Question 43
Which type of Elastic Load Balancer operates at the connection layer (layer 4) and supports IP
addresses as targets?
1. Application Load Balancer
2. Network Load Balancer
3. Classic Load Balancer
4. ELBs do not support IP addresses as targets

Question 44
Which of the following are features of Amazon CloudWatch? (choose 2)
1. Used to gain system-wide visibility into resource utilization

2. Records account activity and service events from most AWS services
3. Used for auditing of API calls
4. Can be accessed via API, command-line interface, AWS SDKs, and the AWS Management
Console
5. Provides visibility into user activity by recording actions taken on your account

Question 45
Amazon S3 bucket names must follow as set of rules. Which of the rules below apply to Amazon S3
bucket names? (choose 2)
1. Names must be unique across all of AWS
2. Names must be 3 to 63 characters in length
3. Names must contain uppercase letters
4. Names must be unique within a region
5. Names must be formatted as a DNS domain name

Question 46
Which of the following statements are correct about Elastic Block Store (EBS) volumes? (choose 2)
1. Root EBS volumes are retained on termination by default
2. EBS volumes must be in the same AZ as the instances they are attached to
3. You can attach multiple EBS volumes to an instance
4. You can attach an EBS volume to multiple instances
5. EBS volumes cannot be backed up

Question 47
Which statement below is incorrect in relation to Security Groups?
1. Operate at the instance level
2. Support allow rules only
3. Stateless
4. Evaluate all rules

Question 48

What constraints apply to customers when performing penetration testing? (choose 2)
1. Permission is required for all penetration tests
2. You can perform penetration testing on your own systems at any time without prior
authorization
3. You must complete and submit the AWS Vulnerability / Penetration Testing Request Form to
request authorization
4. Penetration testing can be performed against any AWS resources
5. Penetration testing must be performed by a certified security consultant

Question 49
Which statement below is incorrect in relation to Network ACLs?
1. Operate at the Availability Zone level
2. Support allow and deny rules
3. Stateless
4. Process rules in order

Question 50
What benefits are provided by Amazon CloudFront? (choose 2)
1. Allows you to register domain names
2. Built-in Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack protection
3. Used to enable private subnet instances to access the Internet
4. Content is cached at Edge Locations for fast distribution to customers
5. Provides a worldwide distributed DNS service

Question 51
Which service can be used to help you to migrate databases to AWS quickly and securely?
1. AWS KMS
2. AWS SMS
3. AWS DMS
4. AWS Migration Hub

Question 52
Which feature can you use to grant read/write access to an Amazon S3 bucket?
1. IAM Role
2. IAM Policy
3. IAM Group
4. IAM User

Question 53
Which AWS support plan should you use if you need a response time of < 15 minutes for a businesscritical system failure?
1. Basic
2. Developer
3. Business
4. Enterprise

Question 54
Which AWS service is used to enable multi-factor authentication?
1. Amazon STS
2. AWS IAM
3. Amazon EC2
4. AWS KMS

Question 55
Which AWS service can be used to convert video and audio files from their source format into
versions that will playback on devices like smartphones, tablets and PC?
1. Elastic Transcoder
2. Elastic Beanstalk
3. Elastic Load Balancer
4. Auto Scaling

Question 56
What method can you use to take a backup of an Amazon EC2 instance using AWS tools?
1. Take full and incremental file-level backups using the backup console
2. Take application-consistent backups using the EC2 API
3. Use Cross Region Replication (CRR) to copy the instance to another region
4. Take a snapshot to capture the point-in-time state of the instance

Question 57
What are two ways that moving to an AWS cloud can benefit an organization? (choose 2)
1. Switch to a CAPEX model
2. Increase speed and agility
3. Stop guessing about capacity
4. Depreciate assets over a longer timeframe
5. Gain greater control of data center security

Question 58
Which of the following statements is correct in relation to consolidated billing? (choose 2)
1. Paying accounts are independent and cannot access resources of other accounts
2. Used to consolidate billing across organizations
3. One bill is provided per AWS organization
4. Volume pricing discounts cannot be applied to resources
5. Only available to Enterprise customers

Question 59
Which AWS service allows you to use block-based volumes on-premise that are then asynchronously
backed up to Amazon S3?
1. AWS Storage Gateway File Gateway
2. AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway
3. Amazon S3 Multi-Part upload
4. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration

Question 60
When instantiating compute resources, what are two techniques for using automated, repeatable
processes that are fast and avoid human error? (choose 2)
1. Snapshotting
2. Bootstrapping
3. Fault tolerance
4. Infrastructure as code
5. Performance monitoring

Question 61
A company would like to maximize their potential volume and RI discounts across multiple accounts
and also apply service control policies on member accounts. What can they use gain these benefits?
1. AWS Budgets
2. AWS Cost Explorer
3. AWS IAM
4. AWS Organizations

Question 62
Which AWS service can an organization use to automate operational tasks on EC2 instances using
existing Chef cookbooks?
1. AWS OpsWorks
2. AWS Service Catalog
3. AWS Config
4. AWS CodeDeploy

Question 63
Which AWS service can be used to process a large amount of data using the Hadoop framework?
1. Amazon Athena
2. Amazon Kinesis
3. AWS Glue
4. Amazon EMR

Question 64
Which feature of Amazon Rekognition can assist with saving time?
1. Identification of objects in images and videos
2. Identification of the language of text in a document
3. Adds automatic speech recognitions (ASR) to applications
4. Provides on-demand access to compliance-related information

Question 65
Which type of cloud deployment enables customers to leverage the benefits of the public cloud and
co-existing with on-premises infrastructure?
1. Public Cloud
2. Private Cloud
3. Hybrid Cloud
4. Legacy IT Infrastructure

SET 1: PRACTICE QUESTIONS, ANSWERS &
EXPLANATIONS
Question 1
Which AWS service is primarily used for software version control?
1. AWS CodeCommit
2. AWS CodeStar
3. AWS Cloud9
4. AWS CodeDeploy

Answer: 1
Explanation:
AWS CodeCommit is a fully-managed source control service that hosts secure Git-based
repositories. It makes it easy for teams to collaborate on code in a secure and highly scalable
ecosystem
AWS CodeStar enables you to quickly develop, build, and deploy applications on AWS. AWS
CodeStar provides a unified user interface, enabling you to easily manage your software
development activities in one place
AWS Cloud9 is a cloud-based integrated development environment (IDE) that lets you write,
run, and debug your code with just a browser
AWS CodeDeploy is a deployment service that automates application deployments to Amazon
EC2 instances, on-premises instances, or serverless Lambda functions
References:
https://digitalcloud.training/certification-training/aws-certified-cloud-practitioner/additionalaws-services-tools/
https://aws.amazon.com/codecommit/
https://aws.amazon.com/codestar/
https://aws.amazon.com/cloud9/
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/latest/userguide/welcome.html

Question 2
Which AWS service can you use to install a third-party database?
1. Amazon RDS
2. Amazon DynamoDB
3. Amazon EC2

4. Amazon EMR
Answer: 3
Explanation:
All of these services are managed services except for Amazon EC2. EC2 is the only service
in the list upon which you can manually install the database software of your choice
References:
https://digitalcloud.training/certification-training/aws-certified-cloud-practitioner/awscompute/
https://digitalcloud.training/certification-training/aws-certified-cloud-practitioner/awsdatabases/


SET 2: PRACTICE QUESTIONS ONLY
Click here to go directly to Set 2: Practice Questions, Answers & Explanations

Question 1
Which AWS service gives you centralized control over the encryption keys used to protect your data?
1. AWS STS
2. AWS KMS
3. AWS DMS
4. Amazon EBS

Question 2
How can a security compliance officer retrieve AWS compliance documentation such as a SOC 2
report?
1. Using AWS Artifact
2. Using AWS Trusted Advisor
3. Using AWS Inspector
4. Using the AWS Personal Health Dashboard

Question 3
Which items should be included in a TCO analysis comparing on-premise to AWS Cloud? (choose 2)
1. Firewall management
2. Application licensing
3. Compute hardware
4. Data center security
5. Operating system patching

Question 4
Which service provides visibility into user activity by recording actions taken on your account?
1. Amazon CloudWatch
2. Amazon CloudFormation
3. Amazon CloudTrail

4. Amazon CloudHSM

SET 2: PRACTICE QUESTIONS, ANSWERS &
EXPLANATIONS
Question 1
Which AWS service gives you centralized control over the encryption keys used to protect your data?
1. AWS STS
2. AWS KMS
3. AWS DMS
4. Amazon EBS

Answer: 2
Explanation:
AWS Key Management Service gives you centralized control over the encryption keys used to
protect your data. You can create, import, rotate, disable, delete, define usage policies for,
and audit the use of encryption keys used to encrypt your data
The AWS Security Token Service (STS) is a web service that enables you to request
temporary, limited-privilege credentials for AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
users
AWS Database Migration Service (DMS) helps you migrate databases to AWS quickly and
securely
Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) provides persistent block storage volumes for
use with Amazon EC2instances in the AWS Cloud
References:
https://digitalcloud.training/certification-training/aws-certified-cloud-practitioner/cloudsecurity/

Question 2
How can a security compliance officer retrieve AWS compliance documentation such as a SOC 2
report?
1. Using AWS Artifact
2. Using AWS Trusted Advisor
3. Using AWS Inspector
4. Using the AWS Personal Health Dashboard
Answer: 4
Explanation:
Only Amazon Glacier has a minimum storage duration charge of 90 days. Standard-IA and
One Zone-IA both have a minimum storage duration charge of 30 days
References:
https://digitalcloud.training/certification-training/aws-solutions-architectassociate/storage/amazon-s3/

Question 30
When using Amazon Kinesis Data Streams, where can a consumer store their results? (choose 2)
1. Amazon S3
2. Amazon RDS
3. Amazon DynamoDB
4. Amazon ECS
5. Amazon EBS

Answer: 1,3
Explanation:
Kinesis Data Streams enables you to build custom applications that process or analyze

streaming data for specialized needs. Producers continually push data to Kinesis Data
Streams and Consumers process the data in real time. Consumers can store their results using
an AWS service such as Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon Redshift, or Amazon S3
References:
https://digitalcloud.training/certification-training/aws-solutions-architectassociate/analytics/amazon-kinesis/

Question 57
Which AWS service is designed to be used for operational analytics?
1. Amazon EMR
2. Amazon Athena
3. Amazon QuickSight
4. Amazon Elasticsearch Service

Answer: 4
Explanation:
For operational analytics such as application monitoring, log analytics and clickstream
analytics, Amazon Elasticsearch Service allows you to search, explore, filter, aggregate, and
visualize your data in near real-time
For big data processing using the Spark and Hadoop frameworks, Amazon EMR provides a
managed service that makes it easy, fast, and cost-effective to process vast amounts data
For interactive analysis, Amazon Athena makes it easy to analyze data directly in S3 and
Glacier using standard SQL queries
For dashboards and visualizations, Amazon QuickSight provides you a fast, cloud-powered
business analytics service, that that makes it easy to build stunning visualizations and rich
dashboards that can be accessed from any browser or mobile device
References:
https://aws.amazon.com/big-data/datalakes-and-analytics/

Question 58
You need to connect your company’s on-premise network into AWS and would like to establish an
AWS managed VPN service. Which of the following configuration items needs to be setup on the
Amazon VPC side of the connection?
1. A Virtual Private Gateway
2. A Customer Gateway

3. A Network Address Translation device
4. A Firewall

Answer: 1
Explanation:
A virtual private gateway is the VPN concentrator on the Amazon side of the VPN
connection. You create a virtual private gateway and attach it to the VPC from which you want
to create the VPN connection
A customer gateway is a physical device or software application on your side of the VPN
connection
NAT devices and firewalls are not required for an AWS managed VPN
References:
https://digitalcloud.training/certification-training/aws-certified-cloud-practitioner/awsnetworking/
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_VPN.html#VPN

Question 59
Where are Amazon EBS snapshots stored?
1. On an Amazon EBS instance store
2. On an Amazon EFS filesystem
3. Within the EBS block store
4. On Amazon S3

Answer: 4
Explanation:
https://digitalcloud.training/certification-training/aws-certified-cloud-practitioner/awsstorage/
References:
Snapshots capture a point-in-time state of an instance. Snapshots are stored on S3

Question 60
Which type of Elastic Load Balancer distributes traffic using the TCP, SSL, HTTP and HTTPS
protocol information?
1. Application Load Balancer (ALB)

2. Network Load Balancer (NLB)
3. Classic Load Balancer (CLB)
4. No load balancers operate at the TCP level

Answer: 3
Explanation:
CLBs process traffic at the TCP, SSL, HTTP and HTTPS levels (layer 4 & 7)
ALBs process traffic at the HTTP, HTTPS level (layer 7)
NLBs process traffic at the TCP level (layer 4)
References:
https://digitalcloud.training/certification-training/aws-certified-cloud-practitioner/elasticload-balancing-and-auto-scaling/
https://digitalcloud.training/certification-training/aws-solutions-architectassociate/compute/elastic-load-balancing/

MARK TO STOP
MARK TO STOP
MARK TO STOP
MARK TO STOP
